okay just on my mobile weed
and
I have the instructions believe okay
very simple enough where weight on one
side like and another side and it's
really really thin piece of plastic and
I'll get my cable one right now on
Jeopardy
you know Watson on there tonight I want
some different shooter what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna go behind the TV there's a
little plastic on the I guess I'm gonna
take off
yeah plastic school now take this off go
around to the TV what's that that HDMI
from my cable box so you have to just a
TV but I'm gonna take out my there would
be injustice with quarter
okay so I guess from now on this going
to that's my table when we see how to
switch it to read the TV
I'm going to channel search
okay so I finally figured out how to
attach it that I was easy in the back
it's the front that you have to remember
to switch the TV to antenna from cable
so once you switch you to antenna and
then you do auto search for different
channels and as you can see the antenna
found one analog Channel in 33 digital
channels and I'm going to view all 33 so
pretty impressive and if I press ok on
the remote turn you can see you'll get
an HDTV picture without cable channels
NBC and CBS
you see
some of these channels are sub channels
of the main channel I've never seen the
program before the well as you see
channel 9 this is all my antenna this is
no cable so pretty impressive all right
so this is crowned also the Vanquish
marketing group for the mobile leaf
gotta give it a thumbs up
alright take kids on next time
you